One day you stop threatening grandma
Grandma can grant your request.
But it is impossible to agree to such a powerless request from you.
If we are unreasonable
Then I think Dragon Guard
Don't let Long Shuai get down first
What Mr. Long said is
We all listen to you
Ye Xiongfeng, shut up for me
Dragon Guard, don't listen to his nonsense
Ye family, what I say counts
Long Jingtian made a request, and I agree to you.
I'll press him to death grandma
Are you really going to take all of our shares?
Give it to Ye Fanxin
Is she a bitch?
Keep your mouth clean
My fiancee, are you scolding me casually?
What do you want?
Ye Suifeng
If it weren't for the fact that you are Ye Fanxin's brother
for its sake
800 times already
I'm going to fight with you
It seems that the supper also slapped the previous one
Still no memory
How did it get better so soon?
Scars forget the pain
I was kidding.
Just kidding, sorry, sorry.
Cowardly Bao Wang Xin
I will take back the wrongs you suffered.
I will be there in the future.
I will never let you get hurt again